how does this chosen limo Trump being a
world I met in this video called the
beyblade children steel pirate are to
mrs. Archer Griffin battle also the
ultimate gift set battle series so these
are two men so we'll be battling Arbaaz
will be wait for it
smoothies cute real quick and the
Salamanders cyclone beystadium in this
amazing Bey stadium three to five rounds
for battle - can I be PI root over G
versus Archer Griffin just gonna say
that once again so let's get started
Tyra torture comes in in our terrific
what comes into with the score of 1-0
let us begin with round two
okay so maybe just maybe pirate or tree
likes to go in a corner let me just like
turn this around
cuz the score is like two to nothing
think this what you say do do nothing so
all right no it's not I'm watching bad
don't know
come my saying I launched bad or they
did good Creon you don't move it's
village let's um let's be clear on this
one pirate orgy it loves corner it is
home now now this is what species pirate
of your Chi lives as you can see the
space is very damp and it's awesome
since the children steal so yeah I'm
gonna go with Archer Griffin but I'll
try one fan draw at least cuz I don't
know what's happening to this one come
on let's see we'll win this round
so there's clearly something wrong with
fire door cheat and by that I mean it
really loves bay corner it's his new
house so this was awesome hi this is
Jesse let us from my god I just did it